half a mile away bushmeat orphan Kahn is
being nurtured by an English volunteer
Rachel Hogan Rachel came out to Africa
especially to work with gorillas this is
uh is just a necessity gorillas are
incredibly difficult - hungry they're
very delicate animals and gorillas of
this sort of Asia need 24-hour care so
he needs someone who's very very
dedicated who's willing to get up in the
middle of the night and make a bottle
there's not a great deal of difference
between hand-rearing a gorilla and
rearing human child although if anything
gorillas are more delicate than baby
humans in local terms we're talking
about fifty or sixty pounds a week just
to take care of one gorilla in the
cities of Cameroon the average weekly
wage is twenty pounds a week in the
countryside
it is far less we don't understand why
you tend to put the white life on top of
the life of African people what you
think when you say baby good weather in
a doctor it looks very very very
European if you look at the people in
some of the villages here you will not
even see some of the babies in an open
so if you ask them what how they feel
when they see a baby gorilla and a nappy
I think they will tell you we want
something to eat
not the baby gorillas of course but we
want something to eat we want
development we are seeing the forest
disappearing this is how well this is
our life and we want something back